okay all right tune oh to be it be a
good boy and give it a fire yeah my fire
fires no deals I'm serious the fire you
know you got your share whoa okay to you
learned your lesson right don't tell my
house and floor again okay okay here I'm
serious okay okay do it again okay bye
don't trust you there oh my god oh very
nice yes oh my god great fire you're
gonna rebuild that right oh my god i
have my fucking bed again dude run us
Ron get your ps3 gift I'm just oh no no
no no my bed's done oh I'm stuck fire
bad now fire fire we Lulu ah it's funny
because it's it's your house oh you know
what not to add in something around so
like every single piece of wood burns
like there's no like infinite burning
anymore
your complete badass side or don't go
fire fire fire